EventRing:

An EventRing (or EventRingServer) is java code that instantiates a server
program that's purpose is to give and recieve "events".  This is more of
a framework, or library in the sense that the "events" are not meant to
reperesent an specific information.

The idea of an "event" is any thing that may be explained by a sequence
of name/value pairs.  (This is such a generic concept that its hard
to explain specifically.  I say this to sort of "meta" explain the idea.)
These are fundamentally reperesented as a /etc/passwd style of string.
ex: "name-1:val-1:name-2:val-2:name-3::"
In the java code these string may be handled as a hash, or an array depending
on what processing is done one them.  But, fundamentally they can always
be represented "fully" by the string.

The EventRingServer sits on a specified port, and gives and recieves these
events to connecting clients.  The point of the generalized string
representation of the event is so that any type of program can easily
participate in the event transfer with the server.  It is called an Event-
"Ring", because the events on not ordered or in any specified way.
The EventRing is a way to allow different programs to "share" in a pool
of events that is dynamic.

It is up to both the server and clients what is done with these events.

The java code basically is a simple server with a hash based data structure
that holds these events.  There is a bunch of "String" code that validates the
events.  

The structure of an event is formarlized even though what is represents is 
abstract.  An Event is:
1.) an ascii-string.
2.) begins with a "^", and ends with a "$".
3.) the fields a seperated by a single "seperator" character.
4.) this character is the 1st character after the "^".
5.) the fields alternate bewteen "name" and "value" until the end
    of the string.
6.) there cannnot be blankm or repeated name values.
7.) there can be blank or repeated value values.
8.) a blank value is represented by nothing after a seperator.
    (so 2 seps in a row tells you you have  a blank val there.)
9.) There must be a seperator character preceding each value, and 
    there must be an even number of values (even if they are blank.),
    because of there very fact that they are "name" "value" pairs.
10.) The characters can be any ascii character that is NOT a 
     "^","$", or seperator character. (spaces are fine.)
example:
"^:soemeom d:asdasd :123 33::78788:$"
This is a valid event.  Only the "value" values are blank.
(The quotes are not a part of the string.)
 
Thats it.  The EventRingServer gives and recieves these events.  The
events are defined by an ascii string so that any program/OS/programmer
can easy talk with the server, and understand the events.  The code
would be used by developers that have some type of discrete events
that they want to share between arbitrary clients.
(One EVentRingServer can be a client of another.)
The design is meant to be lightweight so that massive numbers of
events/clients/servers can share events. 

I use the code personally to develop music creation software.
The "events" are mostly notes in music, but are also other
"stuff" that happens in a performance.  The whole point of
the generalization of these events is to not constrain what
a program will do with the events.

